Ruby specific question - Some white-boarding, some conceptual questions
Rails specific question - white-boarding
JS specific question  - JS characteristics/white-boarding

- How do you use the revealing module pattern in JS?

- What is single-type inheritance in Rails?

- Write a function that when given N (number of steps) and M (maximum steps a person can take at a time), 
return the total number of possible sequences where the person can go from level 0 to level N.

- How would you go about writing a Ruby class responsible for 
interpreting data and outputting queries to a statistical program written in R?

- Write a function that takes a year, and a month func(year, month), and 
given a function called leap(year) which returns 1 or 0, if it is a leap year or 
not, write the function definition for func(year, month), without branching 
statements such that func(year, month) returns the correct number of days

- Create an ERD for Users, Blogs, Posts, Comments (EASY)

Write a query that would produce this: 
=> normal joins table with one column that is a collection of the blogs users have
(EASY)

- Build a react component that makes some API request and renders the data accordingly (EASY)

- A whole bunch of JS general knowledge questions:
what is the event loop
what is an uncontrolled input
what is a Promise
what are all the ways to define a global variable

- Given an array that contains multiple hashes, create a new hash that combines all of the hash keys and values.
Each key in the new hash should have all unique values.
Cannot use any conditional statements such as if, else, ... ? ... : ... .

[{
 a: "APR",
 b: true
},
{
 a: "APR",
 b: false
}]

=> {
    a: ("APR"),
    b: (true, false)
    }

- Given a database that has duplicate users. Remove the duplicates so 
you can install a unique index on that table 
The interviewer did not expect job seeker to come up with an answer and 
told them he would be impressed if the job seeker came anywhere close

- Given a binary tree, return the total height of the tree except
An empty tree is pre-defined as 0 (as opposed to -1)

- There are 100 people, and we want to divide them into three even buckets. This 
can be visualized as [33, 33, 33]. (Note, that this adds up to 99, not 100). 
What it should really return is [34, 33, 33]. Write a method that takes in a 
number n and number of buckets b and produces the 
desired result. (e.g. 15 into 5 buckets => [3, 3, 3, 2, 2])

- Given a create-react-app setup and an imported file of data, 
display all the text that has the key "text" as one sentence.
The data is super nested and requires the use of 
recursion to access all "text" keys.